My name is Buddy Rhodes and we've made this countertop using my concrete mix,
and my signature pressed surface.
I mean, I love it, but I don't want to talk anyone else into using it.
and I feel that most people when they try it they like it too.
But that's... I'm not a salesman I'm
more of a craftsman, inventor.
Long long ago I went to the Art Institute after being a potter in upstate New York.
And then just kind of overwhelmed all their kilns.
So I developed this mix, this concrete
mix that is very clay like.
I like working with my hands.
I like making functional objects, so I develop this mix design using white cement,
most mixes are gray so this colors really well.
It's part of our complete system. We've kind of have been the mad scientists for you,
So you can take that and add to it rather than just spending your time working out the basics.
So we mix this fairly dry, very
clay like, and I'm putting down just a half-inch layer.
You can work it up a vertical wall which is very unusual for concrete,
Usually you'd need a two-sided mold and suspend your reinforcement in there.
With this it's very clay like and you can just pack it against the inside of the mold and it sticks.
There's so many different ways that you can mix the concrete and finish the concrete,
from right side up you can hand trowel it to get that beautiful buttery hand troweling look,
or you can polish it out to reveal the aggregates within the mix,
or cast it upside down and pack it and fill the voids with the same color slurry or a contrasting color.
It's very user friendly you can make it
work up a wall like... I like to call it "The Wall Crawler".
A lot of concrete mixes you have to wait three or four days in order for you to turn it over.
Well depending on the day, how hot or cold it is, it's usually about nine hours or so.
Most times people have a very successful project the first one that they do,
and I get lots of emails and photos and look at the fireplace mantel I just made. And it's really exciting.
We really want to celebrate the hand
and the craft.
In today's world everything is mass-produced by a machine we're trying to do everything we can to not have that.
That is a handmade product for a
custom project,
and that's what really gives us its beauty and took the hand of the craftsmen.